DESTROY
What could that be?
At the very least...
it's a sword from over 300 years ago, right?
It probably is!
This is... crazy, huh?
What should we do?
Can't stop our hearts from pounding, huh?
No!
Mr. Tanjiro! You were at a loss because
you couldn't get a new sword forged, right?
I'm thinking it would be all right
if you took this sword!
No, no! That wouldn't be right!
The steel they used in the Sengoku Period
is the best quality ever!
No, no, I couldn't!
But we only found it because you came here!
HYOTTOKO
That's because it already had
a battle history stored inside,
and I just happened to be there
when it broke! So no!
HYOTTOKO
and I just happened to be there
when it broke! So no!
Are you sure about that? Really?
Want to pull it out just to take a look?
Sure! I know I'd like to see it!
It's rusty.
Well, yeah. Of course it is.
It's been neglected for like 300 years,
and no one knew about it.
Sorry! I got you worked up for nothing.
It's okay!
I don't mind, all right?
Whoa! Mr. Tanjiro!
Mr. Tanjiro, my bad!
What was that?
EPISODE 3:
A SWORD FROM OVER 300 YEARS AGO
Who's that? Mr. Haganezuka?
I have heard your story.
I'll take it from here.
Take what from here?
What do you think you're doing?
Leave it to me!
Let go, please!
Hey, why are you trying to take off with it?
Just shut up and leave it to me!
You can't just show up out of the blue and say,
"Leave it to me"! That doesn't make any sense!
You leave it to me!
No, this belongs to Kotetsu!
Leave it to me!
I came here to see you, Mr. Haganezuka!
Where have you been?
Leave it to me means leave it to me!
And I asked you what you meant by that!
So explain that to us!
Which part of "leave it to me" don't you get?
What grown-up does that?
Listen, boys.
Mr. Haganezuka's weak spots are his sides.
Go after him here.
Tickle, tickle, tickle...
Hey! Mr. Kanamori...
Long time no see.
Hey, long time no see, Tanjiro.
Mr. Haganezuka always goes limp
for a while after being tickled,
so I'll do the explaining.
Please forgive Mr. Haganezuka.
You see, he's been hiding out
in the mountains, training.
Training?
That's right.
In order to forge you
a stronger sword...
so that you won't get killed.
Oh...
Not that he'd ever admit that himself.
For me?
All this time, you've been asking
Mr. Haganezuka for another sword, right?
I'm sure that it made him happy.
After all, he's always losing clients
because most swordsmen can't stand him.
Is that right?
- He's got zero social skills, this one.
- Huh?
No wonder he still can't find a bride.
Oh, look, he's revived.
I shall take this rusty sword into my care.
And using the Nichirin Sword polishing art
of the Haganezuka Family,
I will surely restore it!
Then, why didn't you just say so
from the start?
Instead of "Leave it to me, leave it to me"
when you have zero trust built up?
Oh, right, that's the one thing you know.
What the hell was that?
Let's hear you say that again!
I can't breathe!
His sides! His sides! His sides!
Go for his sides!
Tickle, tickle, tickle!
I'll be taking this with me.
In the meantime, use this sword.
Th-Thank you very much!
So, that's what happened yesterday.
They say it takes three days
and three nights to polish a sword...
so he'll be done the day after tomorrow.
That polishing art of his is so brutal,
some people have even died, and that worries me.
He said not to look in, no matter what.
But do you think it's okay if I go?
How should I know? Get out of here!
Stop talking to me like we're friends!
DESTROY
Huh? But aren't we friends?
Not by a long shot!
DESTROY
You broke my arm, remember?
Don't tell me you've forgotten!
That was totally your own fault
for hitting a girl, Genya.
I had no choice.
Don't call me by my first name!
These rice crackers are delicious!
Want one?
Damn you!
No, I don't want one! Get lost!
Huh? Didn't you lose a tooth?
A front tooth... at the hot spring?
You must've been seeing things.
No, I wasn't seeing things.
I've got the tooth right here.
Why'd you pick it up?
You sure are creepy, you know that?
Well, but you dropped it,
so I thought I'd return it.
Are you out of your mind?
Toss that thing!
- Get out of my sight!
- Hey!
Like this, like that, then like this...
Let's see. And now I go like this...
I wonder why Genya's always
so mad all the time.
Could it be that he's hungry?
Wanna ask Genya to breakfast
tomorrow morning?
You like him, too, Nezuko?
We've already soaked in the hot spring,
so the next step is to eat together, I think.
I'd like to get closer to Genya.
Braiding sure is hard.
Now you've got the same hairstyle
as your idol, Ms. Kanroji!
Hey!
Nezuko, the moon is so beautiful tonight!
I might've soaked a little too long tonight.
Never mind that I have
another early morning tomorrow.
Huh?
A vase?
I didn't see anything like that
on my way up just now.
This is a hazard!
Who would put a vase here?
UPPER FIVE
Horrible, horrible!
I should've known that a mountain swordsmith's
flesh would be unfit for consumption!
UPPER FIVE
But that's what makes it so appealing!
But if I destroy this place,
then those Demon Slayers...
Hyo!
They'll be undermined for sure!
I must hurry! I must hurry!
Thanks to Gyokko, we found the village...
but my lord is in a rage!
Quickly, quickly!
We must kill them all!
All who stand up to my lord!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
Old man? You done?
You're not here?
Brother...
I have to do this!
Have you seen the swordsmith
named Kanamori?
Whoa! Tokito? What's wrong? What is it?
Wait, first of all,
did you just pinch my nose?
I did pinch it.
You took too long to react.
No, no, I would've sensed it
if there'd been any animosity!
Well, not that I'd pinch someone's nose
with animosity.
I do know Mr. Kanamori.
What's going on?
My guess is he's with Mr. Haganezuka.
Kanamori's my new swordsmith.
Where's Haganezuka?
Why don't we go look for them together?
Why do you care so much
about other people?
Isn't there something
that you need to do for yourself?
Whatever you do for others
comes around to help you, as well, in the end.
I was planning to go anyway,
so the timing's great!
Huh?
What? What did you just say?
Right now. Right now.
Huh? I said the timing's great—
Ouch!
You're awake, huh, Nezuko?
Ow...
Let's go see Mr. Haganezuka together.
This girl is one really odd creature.
What? Is she odd?
Yes.
She's super odd.
Let's see. I can't describe it.
Have I met this girl before?
Was she like that before, too?
How should I put it?
Hmm...
Is someone here?
Seems like it.
Wh-What's that?
Is it a demon?
What's a demon doing here?
I didn't notice him
until I actually saw him!
No question, this demon is an Upper Rank!
Mist Breathing...
Fourth Form...
Shifting Flow Slash.
DESTROY
So quick.
I couldn't take him out.
Please stop!
Please stop tormenting me!
It hurts!
Don't lose your nerve!
This is a demon who's murdered tons of people!
Otherwise, he wouldn't be able
to dodge a Hashira's attack!
Hinokami Kagura...
Sunflower Thrust!
Did I get him?
Why isn't he fighting back?
He's not an Upper Rank?
Nezuko! Don't transform!
You'll go into full demon form, so stop it!
I've been slashed!
He slashed off his head!
So fast! But...
Upper Ranks don't always die even
if you've beheaded them!
UPPER SIX
Upper Ranks don't always die even
if you've beheaded them!
UPPER
Tokito! Don't let your guard down!
He split into two!
One grew a head...
while the other gained a body!
I'll take the one in the back!
If we can slash them at the same time...
Nezuko!
Tokito!
This is fun!
That peanut sure went flying!
Right, Sekido?
There's nothing fun about this!
All I'm feeling is rage!
Karaku!
That also goes for being lumped in with you!
UPPER FOUR
PLEASURE
Is that right?
UPPER FOUR
Well, good thing we got separated, then!
Again...
are we going to have to behead
these two at once?
UPPER FOUR
What...
is this?
That staff!
This is bad... I'm about to...
lose consciousness!
Someone's...
on the roof?
Genya...
UPPER
What is that weapon?
A gun? It has the same scent
as a Nichirin Sword!
So I missed one of them.
Well, isn't this fun and entertaining!
I've never been hit with an attack
that felt like that!
It's no good, Genya!
No matter how powerful
your weapon is, this demon...
can't be defeated! If you slash it, it's only
going to split into that many more demons!
It gets younger! It gets stronger!
It's making us behead them on purpose!
This demon doesn't care about
being decapitated.
Meaning that its vital spot isn't its head!
It's splitting into four!
It's regenerating fast!
Is there a pattern here?
Which part will heal up first?
There's got to be a vital spot!
Find it! Figure it out!
What is it?
I thought it split up into four demons!
This makes my heart sing!
It's been so long since I was last split off!
This demon can fly!
All four of them have different powers!
Nezuko! Don't worry about me!
I want you to help Genya—
UPPER FOUR
You're so weak, it's sad.
Genya!
Nezuko, save him!
Save Genya! Please! Hurry!
Worrying about someone else?
How confident we are!
Hinokami Kagura!
UPPER FOUR
Not bad. This is quite delightful!
JOY
UPPER FOUR
Grab onto a branch! A branch!
Get up right now!
Get on your feet!
The villagers are in danger, too!
I have to protect them!
Dammit! My body's numb!
I can't hear, either!
I got blasted quite far away.
I've got to get back as soon as I can.
A demon and a child.
As a swordsmith,
the child is still unseasoned.
Saving him is a low priority.
Judging by its presence, that's not the main body,
but something generated by a spell.
There's no reason to stop now.
If the entire village is under attack,
the village chief comes first,
then those with greater skills and talents
are my top priority to protect.
My job right now is to destroy
that Upper Rank demon and protect the village.
Saving an inexperienced,
budding swordsmith isn't going to...
Whatever you do for others
comes around to help you, as well, in the end.
Run.
You...
You're in my way, so just run.
PART 3
A demon showed up while Mr. Haganezuka
was working on your sword,
but are you all right?
Yes. After all, Mr. Haganezuka
forged this sword for me, too.
But I have to say
that Mr. Haganezuka is the same as ever!
That one's never
going to change for the better!
Now, it's time for a Taisho-era secret!
The reason why Mr. Haganezuka has
wind chimes tied to his umbrella...
is because he loves wind chimes.
VILLAGE CHIEF
TECCHIN'S FACE
And when he was little,
every time he threw a tantrum,
VILLAGE CHIEF
TECCHIN'S FACE
the grown-ups around him
would play wind chimes to quiet him.
VILLAGE CHIEF
TECCHIN'S FACE
I didn't know that.
This is for you, Mr. Tanjiro.
If you think something like that will put me
in a better mood, you couldn't be more wrong!
There, there, there!
Stop treating me like a child!
Next, Episode 4, "Thank You, Tokito."
Have you calmed down now?
I said, I'm not a child!
There, there, there!
TO BE CONTINUED